UAC Backlog Review
==================

## 2013-12-02

### User Settings Selection Enhancements.  Below is a potential user story grouping.

- IOC Selection Enhancements
    - Update the selection components on the IOC selection view to make it easier to select multiple items.
    - Simple updates to make the current IOC selection screen easier to use.

- Usersettings Migration to UAC.
    - Migrate from Clusters to Customers
    - Create tables to store the users ioc selection settings.
    - Create tables to store statistics regarding users actions from the IOC selection view.
    - Create and API to store the users IOC selection settings.
    - Create an API to store and retrieve the users actions on the IOC selection view.
    - Create an API to retrieve the related user actions for a given view.
    - Integrate API's with the UAC shopping view.
    - Integrate view API's with the UAC hits views.
    - When a user viewed a hit or identity, history of what they did related to an identity.

- Providing Shopping Groups Support in UAC
    - Provide the ability to create customer groups within UAC.

### Need a feature related to centralizing comments within UAC.
- Ross: Do we need a user story for this?

### Request from Alex, wants more detailed response from suppression creation.  We should discuss this.
- https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/restui/tpview.aspx?acid=B2E5D5E30406CE90CBD2E567654B30BF#request/25674
- Create a user story and add it to the the backlog.

### Ross: Can you close the loop on this request with Shanna?  Suppression conversion.
- https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/RestUI/TpView.aspx?acid=B2E5D5E30406CE90CBD2E567654B30BF#request/26982

### Created a user story for this request.  Ross: Needs to be prioritized in the release backlog.
- https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/RestUI/TpView.aspx?acid=B2E5D5E30406CE90CBD2E567654B30BF#request/27365
- Link this request to the user story related to suppression name/description.

### This is left over from Cheryl’s meeting minutes from yesterday.
- Request #21053 Needs to be created as a user story under Feature #26180 Agent Task Management
- Request #21159 needs to be created as a user story under Feature #26180  Agent Task Management