UAC Backlog Review
==================

## 2013-25-02

Note: Much of the following data was collected during a visit to the SF SOC.

### Allow users to download hits to a CSV file.
- This has been added to the hit review and hosts view.

### At times users were getting errors after being logged in for extended periods of time (over 8 hours).
- New sessions are being created at times and the users are seeing forbidden.

### Provide Quick Access to MD5 MetaData
- Whenever a UAC hit contains an MD5 retrieve and display the related Virus Total, MTA, etc, data.
- Use M-Cube to retrieve the related data.
- Other points of intel: MIC, Open Source Intelligence Bot Search.

### Auto Acquisitions
- MD5 warehouse
- Don't put

### Why is our UX person attempting to design our application.  We start with what is a relatively simple user story
    and it turns in to bearuacratic nightmare.

### Gillespie reporting user story, talk to Patrick.

### 24x7 client filtering.

### Run acquisitions through AV analyzer and provide statistics back to the user on hit display.

### Run acquisitions through opswat.
- One of the guys mentioned this, I am not sure of the details.

### Analyst Rating System for IOC Expressions
- Allow analysts to rate IOC expressions on how evil or good the expression is.
- When displaying expressions display a confidence level which is an average of the individual ratings.

### Look into RegistryKey/Identity issue that was input as a request.
- The issue is related to items not being merged because the date changes slightly causing the identity to be different.
- Need to look into whether date should be in the identity key for Registry items.

### Need a report that gives an overview of hits and their statuses by customers.
- See Shawn's report

    24x7 HTAP clients that still need work:

    12-004 (Jacobs) Open: 337 In Progress: 95 Total: 432  (Sean Gillespie)
    12-008 (Genentech) Open: 256 In Progress: 119 Total: 375  (Sean Gillespie)
    12-021 (Procter & Gamble) Open: 1917 In Progress: 279 Total: 2196  (Sean Gillespie)
    12-022 (Halliburton) Open: 551 In Progress: 151 Total: 702  (Sean Gillespie)
    12-023 (Caterpillar) Open: 180 In Progress: 68 Total: 248  (Sean Gillespie)
    13-016 (National Oilwell Varco (NOV)) Open: 4 In Progress: 1 Total: 5  (Sean Gillespie)
    13-018 (Schnucks) Open: 1 In Progress: 1 Total: 2  (Sean Gillespie)
    13-023 (Borg Warner) Open: 1 In Progress: 10 Total: 11  (Sean Gillespie)
    13-031 (Moodys) Open: 13 In Progress: 0 Total: 13  (Sean Gillespie)
    14-003 (Intelsat General)  (devil)
    14-004 (Shell Oil Company) (devil)
    14-005 (Danaher) Open: 1 In Progress: 0 Total: 1  (Sean Gillespie)
    14-007 (Smiths Group) - ...

### Display sweep statistics in UAC.

### Allow Multi Selecting of Facet Keys

### Emulate Mario's Report Scraping Tool
- Allow analysts to perform textual searches against portal reports.
- Pull reports from SVN and search them.

### Expand the overlay over the tags and actions.

### Allow NAC Users to Pivot to Hosts Data

### Allow UAC Users to Pivot to NAC IP Related Data

### Add the discovery time to the agent host view on the hits page.
- Also add the standard label.

### Add the hostname data to the hits facets.
- Mix in the hostname instead of displaying am cert hash.
- Potentially look into caching hostnames at this point.

### Look into reducing the timeout of the acquisition request block.
- Potentially reduce it to zero when using a cached password.
- We're waiting too long before giving up.

### Auto Acquisitions
- Pull acquisitions for MD5s that are not in MTA or VirusTotal.
- Submit it to MTA and VirusTotal.
- Leave the row item in a not reviewed state.



### Mario
- Are there any tools that you think would be help to integrate with UAC?
	- Portal scraping tool.
- Do you use the current UAC?
	- What are your thoughts on the current UAC?
- Do you use the current NAC?
	- What are your thoughts on the moving NAC into UAC?
- Should NetFlow be integrated into UAC?
- VMDispensr - Pretty cool tool for spinning up a clean VM and exploding malware into it.
- Allow users to link to hosts by IP address.
	- Change the way that the block works for the host search
	
### Ben Downing
- Default tag filters on the hits view, should be a user preference.
- Need to be able to expand all rollups in the audits
- SODOU.EXE, memory hits should auto expand certain sections of the audit.
- Provide a button for acquiring a file for audits that it makes sense.
- Look into inquisitor for IOC info that we can link to.

### Ryan Benson
- Feature of how often key values appear per customer, per all.
- Facet on the expression for a suppression to see which exp is causing the issue.
- Ditto for reported hits/expressions.
- Ideally on the shopping page give indications of which items have completed acquisitions that are ready to be worked.
- My items to show all starred for client
- Star an IOC expressions

### Nick
- Change open to be first before suppressions.
- Suppressions don't work sometimes.
- Needs a my items
- Comments should be required.
- Be able to see hosts data from NAC.

- Sock puppet chat for IP address lookups.  MD5 lookup style for IP addresses.
- Client specific signatures and tags.
	- Only hits for a client or does not hit for a signature.
	- He wants suppressions for signatures at a client.
- More detailed states or error messages related to the acquisitions.
	- They want to know more about the host of the acquisition.

### Alex Bond
- Lots of PCAP failures.  Request a PCAP and it fails only to succeed seconds later.

### Features Coming
- Acquisition Facets
- Acquisition Links
- MyItems
- Multi-Select Facets
- Sweeps
- Auto Merge
- Hit Prioritization
- What are we doing with suppressions/IOCs

### 2nd Group Meeting
- Per customer rating confidence factors on IOC/expressions.
- Potentially discuss requiring comments.
- Cloud Based Redline
	- Look at Redline
	- See what it would take do build one.
	
### Matt Fowler
- Operator
	- Display's sensor issues.
	- Shift schedule/notes.  Pulls in shift schedules from Nimble REST API.
	- Role based access.
	- Client information is being stored here.
	- Client indicators / indicators.
	- Needs to be synced from MPLEX data with regards to customers.
	- Open Source Intelligence BOT search.
	- Customers specific chats
	- Client review status.
		- Can assign to a user.
		- Can claim.
		- Would be cool to have a dashboard.