UAC Backlog Review - 2014-02-03
===============================

## Agenda

### The following user stories need prioritization.
- My Items
    - https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/restui/tpview.aspx?acid=1CCE9BE1E88DFBE5468210F7D8283E49#userstory/30090
- Triaged user story for Suppressions Not Applying to Investigating, etc.
    - https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/RestUI/TpView.aspx?acid=1CCE9BE1E88DFBE5468210F7D8283E49#userstory/30345
- Extinct Customers
    - https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/RestUI/TpView.aspx?acid=1CCE9BE1E88DFBE5468210F7D8283E49#request/28794
- Acquisitions On Host Without Hits
    - https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/restui/tpview.aspx?acid=1CCE9BE1E88DFBE5468210F7D8283E49#userstory/30182
- Update the Tag Status in the Hits Table When Acquisition has not been Picked Up
    - https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/RestUI/TpView.aspx?acid=1CCE9BE1E88DFBE5468210F7D8283E49#request/30057

### Should we prioritize the user story related to centralizing comments?
- https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/RestUI/TpView.aspx?acid=1CCE9BE1E88DFBE5468210F7D8283E49#userstory/27684

### My Items Discussion
- We should list acquisitions for each of the identities where they are applicable.
    - You can still star an acquisition independent or in addition to an identity.  I am thinking that when they are looking at a starred identity they are going to want to know the status of any of the acquisitions that is associated with it.  Given this they can also see if anyone else has created an acquisition for the hit (from Dan).
- In the near future hosts will also have acquisitions associated with them.
- We need to have a way of depicting Identities that have been suppressed.  Currently on other views we use strikethrough to depict this.
- We should have one my items page with 3 settings for Group By:
    - Host – items for like hosts are aggregated
    - Type – items for like types of items are aggregated (Identity, Acquisition, Triage Package, etc).
    - Priority – items are aggregated by priority (5 star, 4 star, etc.  Similar to NAC)
    
### UAC Notification Framework
- Possible to implement this for push notifications to the client.


## Action Items

### Anthony: Re-prioritize the Backlog
- In Progress
	- Link Acquisitions to Identity
	- Displaying Acquisitions on the Hits View.
	- Be able to Link to an Acquisition

- Future?
	- Display the acquisition issues document.
	- Suppressions validation for item in a state other than not reviewed.
	- UAC Hit Links to Use Identity
	- Create acquisitions for a host with no hits/link acquisitions to a host/display acquisitions on the hosts view.
	- Update the tag status immediately.
	- CentComm
		- Migrate row item comments to UAC, track by identity.
		- Add Buttons for Hit Actions/Refactor buttons to top of hits view (good for my items)
		- My Items Stuff
	- Additional Acquisitions Search User Stories
	
- Extinct customers story goes to the backlog.

### User Stories that Patrick created:
- #30516 WebShells: migrate identity IOC
    - https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/restui/tpview.aspx?acid=B2E5D5E30406CE90CBD2E567654B30BF#userstory/1
- #30517 INFRA: remove not reviewed hits for noisy expressions
	- https://tp.mandiant.com/TargetProcess2/restui/tpview.aspx?acid=B2E5D5E30406CE90CBD2E567654B30BF#userstory/30517&userstory=eyJnZW5lcmFsVGFiIjoiZGVzY3JpcHRpb24ifQ==
	- requires expressions from Ross/Dan
	
### Create a user story for being able to search on MD5 and view it's hits.  Create a feature for being able to search across key values.