UAC Reflection
==============

December 17th, 2103
-------------------

## Patrick

Went Well:
- Know more about what we are implementing now than when we started.
- Gradual addition of customers went well, allowed time to flush out issues and needed functionality.
Didn't Go Well:
- Initially we were working items that weren't fully thought through.
What Can be Improved:
- The test data in devnet does not necessarily match production.

## Ross

Went Well:
- Team responded to change very well (was quick also).
- Deployment transition into production went well.  Was uneventful.
- Ross wrote no code.
Didn't Go Well:
- Feature/stories are not detailed enough to have the team work independently.
- Inter-team dependencies were not managed.
What Can be Improved:
- Better management of cross team/product work (dependencies).
- Visibility into exceptions, data integrity, etc.
- Specialized data for specific stories or features.

## Duane

Went Well:
- Ross prototype accelerated 1.0 development.
- Able to deliver during accelerated schedule.
- Agile methodology worked well to help flush out features and functionality that were needed for 1.0.
Didn't Go Well:
- User expectations did not necessarily match what was initially delivered.
What Can be Improved:
- Process can be tweaked.
- Address inter-project dependencies.
- Performance metrics.

### Dan
Went Well:
- Single email address for support requests as well as a process for the team triaging the requests works well to
  ensure the correct actions are taken.  Can be features, bugs, etc.
- Phased roll out of customers worked well.  Few frustrations in the beginning the lead to acceptance later on.
- Speed of response time was very good.
Didn't Go Well:
- UAC does not have adequate feedback from downstream systems to determine when things are not working properly.
What Can be Improved:
- Letting analysts know ahead of time regarding changes that are coming and when.

## Anthony
Went Well:
- Current meetings/discussions are currently going well.  Earlier meetings were not as productive as the current ones.
- Devnet development worked well.  Having full access to all necessary resources over the VPN was nice.
- Having the analysts preview capabilities of devnet was useful.
- There are surpisingly few defects considering that we don't have a QA staff.
Didn't Go Well:
- External dependencies, need a full Seasick.
- MVP goals were not accurate.  The users needed a much larger set of functionality than was anticipated.
- There is not a variety of data in devnet.  Need multiple customers, customers, etc to properly navigate certain scenarios.
- It was difficult to implement the acquisitions capability without being able to submit and acquisition in devnet.
Improved:
- Would be good if we could get more direct interface feedback from users.
- Seems like the analysts could potentially use more training on UAC.  Would also enable us to get feedback from users
  who will have an unbiased opinion on the application.
- Need a find evil button.